Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
I want my men, my guns
and my heroin.
If that does not happen,
I will turn Charming
into a goddamn killing field.
(tires screech)
-Out!
-Shit, move!
-APB went wide.
-Shit.
We got to get you
out of here, now.
-I'm gonna call Gemma.
-BAROSKY: My guys got a call
about something black,
saw the lock blown off the door.
They come in here hot,
end up dropping all of them.
GUYER: We'll dump them
in Lincoln Village,
give those shitheads
something to do.
We don't like paperwork.
Thanks, Paulie.
HAPPY:
This wasn't a message, brother.
That dude saw us in the shop.
It was straight up retaliation.
Jesus Christ, check on the guns.
ALTHEA:
The Chinese were the ones
who killed Tara, weren't they?
I don't know anything.
Hey, Scotty...
grenades just went off
in an ice cream shop
on Main Street.
If the MC is in some kind of war
that's now blowing shit up
in Charming, I got to know.
Let me drive you home.
GEMMA:
No more games, Juice.
You stay,
MC finds you or the cops do.
Either way, Jax gets to you
and you end up dead.
I don't want to die.
I just... I miss my family.
-Welcome to Diosa Norte.
-TOM: Thanks.
Had a long ride. We're just
gonna grab a drink right now.
(phone ringing)
-Yeah?
-Mr. Lin appreciates
all your efforts
in getting everyone together.
What happens at Diosa will
impact you, but it's meant
-for the Sons of Anarchy.
-Oh, my God.
-Diosa. Diosa!
-Shit!
♪ ♪
Hap's getting everyone
to Red Woody.
We'll lock it down.
West?
I don't know.
Sent Quinn and Montez.
Nero split?
Kitchen.
I need to understand
why this happened.
Well, you're gonna
have to ask the Chinese.
I'm asking you.
Why would Lin go so far?
What'd the club do?
I don't have an answer
for you, Nero.
Whatever the reason, nothing
justifies what happened here.
Gonna be light soon.
We got to call this in.
All right, the rest of you
should split. I got this.
All right.
You call when you're
getting ready to leave.
You do not ride alone.
We'll be at Red Woody.
I'll go let
the Stockton girls know...
about Colette.
Someone should tell Barosky.
Yeah.
I'll stop by there first.
-Hey, you set?
-Yeah.
(phone ringing)
Shit.
It's Happy.
Third time he's called.
Yeah?
Oh, Jesus.
When?
(sighs):
Oh, man.
Yeah, okay.
I'm on my way.
-What?
-(sighs)
Oh, drama at Diosa.
Whores will be whores.
Uh... I got to go handle this.
You sit tight.
We'll leave in the morning.
Yeah, okay.
All right, here.
Smoke and sleep, baby.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(sighs)
(phone ringing)
(exhales)
Hi.
Ah, Jesus.
All of them?
(sighs)
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, I'll be there!
What's up?
I got to go.
Okay.
You know, uh...
(fastening belt buckle)
...you should...
you should probably
get dressed, too.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
(indistinct
police radio chatter)
Anything, uh, I can do?
Two weeks on the job,
I already made the record books.
Worst massacre in my quadrant.
Ever.
Sorry.
This had to be a payback.
I need to know who, Wayne.
This will vibrate all the way up
to Sacramento.
If we don't find answers,
the Feds will.
It's time for you
to make a choice.
What side of the table
are you sitting on?
We're done with Teller.
Statement.
He's in the kitchen.
You're the one who opens up
every morning?
It's usually Lyla Winston.
She's running
our other business,
so I've been helping out here.
Lucky for Lyla.
Yeah.
I know you're not
gonna give us any information.
Outlaw code.
We've got a room
filled with the slaughtered
bodies of innocent people.
I'm aware.
(sniffles)
I've been doing this a while...
with guys a lot more dangerous
than your MC.
I know how to navigate around
outlaw code,
how to function within it
and still do my job.
Patterson, the Feds, my boss...
shit, they're gonna be so far
up my ass with this disaster.
The only way this doesn't crush
both of us
is if you bend with me.
I don't give a shit
what that looks like.
I don't care how the intel
is delivered.
But if I don't get
some cooperation...
...this all cracks wide open,
and none of us walk away whole.
(engine roaring)
We ain't open today.
I ain't here for breakfast.
I have some bad news, Charlie.
I know. I heard.
Police radio.
Sorry.
Me, too.
She was a good girl.
Chinese that did it.
Makes sense.
Well, how so?
Mercedes parked
across the street.
Chinks have been camped out
since I got here this morning.
Lin's smart-- he knew either you
or Jax would come by to tell me.
Mr. Lin needs to speak with you.
Come on!
-In the back.
-BAROSKY: Tell your boss
I don't feel
much like working today.
You can chat here.
I'll be in the back
slicing meat.
Thanks a lot, Charlie.
Ain't my war, amigo.
Have a seat.
-Move it!
-Easy.
(sobbing, sniffling)
Jesus Christ.
-Hey. -Hey.
-(Thomas fusses)
-Hi, honey.
-Look who's here. Huh?
Hi, yeah.
-You okay?
-I guess.
I mean, Abel's a little
freaked-out.
Wants to know why he can't go
back to school.
Yeah.
Just, uh, stay really close
to him today, all right?
I will.
I left Juice at the motel.
I got to figure a way
to slip out of here.
-Okay, yeah.
-Yeah.
(sobbing)
Oh, it's Lyla.
-Here.
-All right.
Come here, baby.
I'm sorry. I know.
Here, come sit down.
Who would do something
like that?
(sobbing)
Why does this keep happening?
Why do people keep dying?
Come here.
I got it.
It's okay.
Is everyone here?
No. Quinn and Montez
aren't back.
West is dead.
Guns are gone.
What about the other charters?
They all know, Jackie.
WENDY:
Jax.
Hey.
-Thanks for helping out.
-Yeah, of course.
Would you come talk to Abel
for a minute?
He's a smart kid.
He knows something bad happened.
He's scared.
Chucky.
Need anything, boss?
I'm good.
Okay.
Hey, Chucky.
Thanks for being here.
Well, you're my family.
You doing okay, little man?
When can I go home, Daddy?
Soon, buddy.
Did somebody die?
Some friends of ours got hurt.
We just want to make sure
everyone's okay.
That's why we're all here.
Do you take care of
all these people?
Yeah.
I do, son.
Daddy's responsible
for everyone here.
It's my job to keep them safe.
Okay?
Thank you.
You're doing great with him.
These conversations are
getting so damn tedious,
-don't you think?
-I need to understand...
You need to understand?
You know what I need
to understand, Nero?
Why you've been telling me
that I should trust Teller.
'Cause the whole time
you've been playing negotiator,
the MC has been raping me.
Teller is a liar.
Him and Marks have been making
some kind of move to take over
my territory.
I don't know who you've
been talking to...
Teller is the one
who stole my guns,
took out my guys
and hit my massage parlors!
I found my guns
in a port warehouse
guarded by a member of SAMCRO.
If that's true, then he's been
lying to both of us.
Yeah? Well, there's only
one move to prove that.
You deliver Teller to me.
I'll handle the payback.
There's got to be
an explanation for...
Let me be more specific.
You deliver Teller
or I kill you.
End of the day, Nero.
And in case you got any ideas
about taking a road trip...
security at the cripple home
ain't that tight.
(grunts)
(coughs)
Save that rage
for your biker pal.
He's the one
who should catch it.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(engines start)
We got six Tacoma guys
here now.
Rogue River's sending down
four more.
We're gonna handle
the funeral expenses
for the girls without family.
Collette, too.
That's good.
Jackie.
Sheriffs have no proof.
Jarry knows we're warring
with brown and yellow,
but Lin made sure
not to leave clues.
Or witnesses.
August called twice.
I don't give a shit
about August.
Our assault on Lin was airtight.
I mean, he may have had
suspicions, but no proof.
Someone gave up the location
of those guns.
He found West, he got his proof.
That was a new spot.
SAMCRO and Indian Hills
were the only ones who knew.
And Barosky.
-What about Lin?
-HAPPY: Yeah.
How do we handle payback?
He'll be off the grid, man.
That's why we're gonna
smoke him out.
Got any ideas?
Maybe.
Let's go visit our crooked cop.
Quinn, you and Montez
hold shit down here.
Call Nero.
Have him meet us at Barosky's.
Hey, baby.
Hey, come here.
Look, I just got a call
from my dad's nursing home.
He's taken a turn for the worse.
I got to go up there.
Mom, that's not a good idea.
I don't want you on the road,
and I can't spare
any of the guys.
I'll call Unser.
He can come with me.
You know,
once we're out of Sanwa,
there won't be any threat.
I'm sorry, babe. I got to go.
Daddy may not see another day.
WENDY:
Hey, guys.
I got the boys. We're good here.
Are you carrying?
Of course.
All right.
Check in every few hours.
Okay, baby. I will.
-(Thomas fusses)
-Hey.
TIG: Hey, Jax,
we got a badge outside.
Hey.
Need something else?
I need to talk to you.
A minute.
Handle this.
Meet us at Barosky's.
Have Quinn ride with you.
Hey.
-(clears throat)
-So that phone call
this morning was about Diosa.
Doesn't matter.
(motorcycle engines rev)
We had nothing to do with that.
Someone just
arbitrarily floated into Morada
and murdered 16 people?
Just a random act of violence?
Yeah.
And we're gonna make sure
it doesn't happen again.
Just need you to lay low
on this.
Are you serious?
This isn't a parking violation
or a B and E.
The D.A., the Feds--
they are all over this.
I thought we had
an understanding.
What do you want?
More... more cash?
Do you know why
I take the money?
Yeah.
Because it's money.
In order to do my job
effectively,
I have to work with
the bad guys.
You're not going away,
I'm not going away.
I take your cash, you feel safe.
It builds trust.
Pays for my overtime.
What about last night?
Was that you building trust?
I don't know.
What was it for you?
Look... I can't
give you anything.
You know that.
But I don't want you
hurt by this, either.
I'll talk to Jax.
Wherever we land on this,
maybe we can
throw something your way,
give you a win.
No more dead bodies.
Promise.
Okay.
I can't lay low on this, Filip.
I have to dig in.
Yeah, okay, I get it.
I got to go.
Be safe.
Aye.
(coin clinks)
Oh, shit.
(car door slams)
Hey!
(knocking)
(pants)
Hey, thanks for coming.
Whoa, whoa!
(grunting)
Break this shit up.
All right, come on.
Now!
Come on, come on, come on.
You've been lying to me, man,
the whole time to my face.
You looked me in the eye
and you said you had
nothing to do with the shit
that was happening to Lin.
Meanwhile, you're stealing his
guns, you're hitting his shops.
And that's why all of our girls
are getting stuffed
into goddamn bags right now!
All of them!
And now he's looking to kill me.
'Cause I vouched for you.
I believed in you.
He threatened my boy.
(laughs)
This is what he gives me.
My blood!
That's gonna fall on you, too.
Chinese killed Tara.
You don't know that.
-You don't...
-Gemma saw
two of his guys
leaving my house that night.
She I.D.'d one of them
at the party.
Lin...
ordered the hit on my wife.
Jesus Christ.
You're right,
I've been lying to you.
And I'm sorry the blowback of
this hit you and your family.
But I am gonna destroy Lin.
And nothing's gonna stop me
from doing that.
I don't want to lose you,
as a partner or a friend.
But you're gonna have to decide
what side of this fight
you want to land on.
"What side of the fight."
(sighs):
Oh, God.
I'm tired of the fight.
Okay?
I'm tired.
So, uh... somebody
gave up the location
of our guns to Lin.
(smacks lips)
You and your guys--
you're the only ones who knew
outside the club.
Port patrol watches it
during the day.
I got one guy on it at night.
You trust that guy?
About as much as you trust me.
Then we better talk to him.
Desmond Hurligan--
got a pawnshop down on Mercer.
Day job.
Sells the shit that cops steal
at night.
Ah...
Stockton's finest, huh?
I'll let Chibs know.
Yeah, come on.
Come on.
-(door opens)
-I know you got to do
what you think is best
for your family.
But when you decide
where you land on all this...
I'd appreciate a heads-up.
Thank you.
Look, I told Jackson my dad took
a turn for the worse,
but he won't let me go
unless I have protection.
I can't head up to Oregon now.
Just stay with me
till I get Juice out of Sanwa.
-Follow in your truck.
-He's cracking, Wayne.
He's got to get
out of there today.
-Hey, uh... it's Abel.
-Abel?
What?
Hey.
Hi. What... what's going on,
buddy?
I'm not gonna let
anybody hurt him.
-I take care of him.
-(Thomas crying)
Oh, no... oh, no, baby.
Nobody's gonna hurt anyone.
People always get hurt.
No, sweetheart.
I want to go home.
Okay, baby, we're gonna go home
really soon, I promise.
Now!
I don't like it here!
-Now!
-Abel!
GEMMA:
Oh, Christ.
ABEL:
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Tommy.
(Thomas continues crying)
Here.
Come here. Give me that.
Come here.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
(door opens, bells jingle)
Hey, Des, how you doing?
-Hey, Charlie, good to see you.
-How's business?
Up and down, you know that.
This is a business associate
of mine, Jax Teller.
We're keeping an eye on
some of his merchandise
down at the warehouse.
Okay. Is there a problem?
JAX:
Yeah, I'm afraid so.
Warehouse that you were
supposed to be watching
got jacked last night.
I lost all my shit.
One of my crew got killed.
Oh, shit.
Hey, it didn't happen
on my patrol.
The point is that it did happen.
I'm on the beat, Charlie.
I can't stay there all night.
-You know that.
-Well, did you see anything?
Anybody out of place?
A car, a van, a bike-- what?
I got Quinn said the back door
was kicked in.
Did you see that?
Uh... I don't think so, no.
When'd you make your last drive
by the warehouse?
I'm not sure.
At 5:00, 5:30 maybe.
Jesus Christ! What the hell
did you do that for?!
"Oh, I don't know."
"I'm not sure." "Maybe."
Just trying to jog your memory
a little bit.
Charlie, what the hell is this?!
I'm with the kid
on this one, Des.
I pay you a lot
of goddamn money.
My reputation's
on the line here.
-Pull his pants down.
-What?
-What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna shove this flute
right up his ass.
I was just thinking beat down,
but that works, too.
-You are so gay.
-Just gay enough.
Jesus Christ!
Come here, come here,
come here, come here!
-Jesus Christ, let go!
-Come here!
Oh, Jesus, Charlie!
I'm a goddamn cop!
You can't let him do this!
Well, you think that's working
in your favor right now?
At least grease it up
a little bit.
No, I don't want him
to enjoy it.
All right, goddamn it!
(sighs):
Shit.
(panting)
All right,
I got a call from somebody.
Said they'd pay me two K to
avoid your warehouse last night.
I didn't know they were gonna
off one of your guys.
-Where did they call you?
-On my personal cell.
Said they would leave the cash
at the front gate kiosk.
-How'd they get that number?
-I don't know.
So somebody you don't know just
called you out of the blue?!
-Yeah, that's right.
-And they just got
your personal cell
out of the blue-- how?
I don't know how they got it!
-You're a goddamn liar!
-I'm not lying!
-You're lying!
Damn!
Greedy shithead.
I guess we're done
talking to him.
Yeah, sorry, boys,
it's just really hard to find
people you trust these days.
She seems like a nice kid.
Glad it all worked out with her.
Yeah, she's cool.
How's the club holding up?
It's okay, I guess.
Crazy shit, you know?
Yeah.
Any ideas what happened?
Well, someone gunned down
all our whores.
Oh. I'm privy to that part.
Any idea who?
Nope.
I'm gonna escort Gemma.
I'm just supposed to
check in with Jax.
Any idea where he went?
Stockton port.
He should be back soon.
Who do you think did it?
(scoffs)
Long list.
You know, Nero gave me
a ride the other day.
And this Chinese guy
pulled us over.
I think he called him Henry.
He was pissed, said that Jax
stole all his guns.
And what did Nero say?
Nothing. He just denied it.
You think that might have
something to do with
what happened at Diosa?
(footsteps approaching)
Hey, you ready?
Thank you.
(door opens)
Hey.
You okay?
I need a minute.
Yeah, okay.
Come on.
Jax told me about the Chinese.
What you saw.
I'm so sorry I didn't tell you.
I was afraid, baby.
Jax didn't want anyone to know.
Ah.
A lot of people
getting killed, mama.
I know.
And I was out there
in the middle of all of that.
I'm here trying
to keep the peace
while Jax is out there
waging war.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, me, too.
'Cause this war
has come to Charming now.
(door opens)
And it's gonna get
a whole lot bloodier.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Unser's here.
I'm heading out.
Be careful.
I will.
We need to talk.
Yeah.
(knocking)
(door unlocks)
(Juice panting)
Oh, shit.
Okay.
(silenced gunshots)
Don't look at me.
That was Ryu.
Lin will meet us.
All right, good.
Right.
Okay, I put Barosky on notice.
He wants another
five grand for the personnel.
Of course he does.
What did you tell him?
Nothing specific-- just to have
a few of his guys ready to go.
Hey.
All set.
All right.
Let's go make a deal.
This ain't easy for me, Henry.
I'm with Jax's mom.
Connected to him.
It's more than just business.
Yeah, I understand that,
but pussy--
pardon the disrespect--
can't get in the way
of what it is we do.
-You know that.
-Yeah.
So, Jax has brought me
into his, uh, inner circle.
He's laid out
what he wants to do.
Which is?
He's gonna call you, try to
set up a meet at the port.
Warehouses near the ones
you hit.
He's gonna tell you
that he's gonna give you
your heroin back
as a gesture of goodwill.
Just be him and one other guy,
probably the Scot.
And then after the handoff,
his crew and a shitload of
other guys from other charters,
they're gonna pile
out of that warehouse...
...take you all out.
Yeah, he just called
ten minutes ago, set the meet.
Him and Chibs.
NERO: I would bring
everybody you got, man.
'Cause you're gonna need
an army.
(knocking)
GEMMA:
Juice.
It's Gemma and Unser.
-(knocking)
-Come on.
All right, here he comes.
(knocking)
(scoffs)
(groans):
Oh...
Oh, Christ.
He saw me.
The Chinese...
they did this.
Diosa.
Oh...
He came into the room.
-I had no choice.
-(door closes)
UNSER:
Oh, God, help us!
GEMMA:
Oh!
(gasps)
What did you do?
We did this, Gem.
It's got to be
one of Lin's guys.
He's got a set
of master keys, Juice!
He's not a gangster;
he works here!
Oh...
The room was only paid
through yesterday.
He probably thought
you checked out.
God.
Why is he scared
of the Chinese, Gem?
And what did he mean,
uh, "We did this"?
The truth.
Chinese killed Tara.
They had to be the ones
that attacked Diosa.
Ah, Jesus Chri...
How do you know
that they killed...
I saw him leaving the house
that night.
Who did you see?
Doesn't matter.
I'll go down to the office,
rent the room
for a couple more days,
try and clean some of this up.
Get the body out after dark.
(sighs)
Thank you.
Yeah.
You okay to do this?
Got to be done.
Let's go.
Thank you.
(phone ringing)
-This is Jarry.
-UNSER: Hey, it's Unser.
Uh, it was the Chinese that
hit Diosa, Henry Lin's crew.
Why?
Retaliation.
The club is convinced
that they killed Tara.
Jax took out one of, uh,
Lin's gun shipments--
blood for blood.
How do you know that, Wayne?
Reliable source.
Reach out to Stockton
and Oakland PD.
Have them put a tail out on, uh,
Henry Lin and, uh,
his known associates.
I think something is gonna
go down in Stockton port.
-I got to know who told you...
-No, you don't!
Just do it.
Or we're zipping up
more body bags.
Get against the wall.
Let's go.
Against the wall now!
Let's go, let's go!
Against the wall!
On your knees!
JAX:
What the hell is this, Henry?
Where's my heroin?
In the warehouse.
(shouts in Chinese)
(guns cocking)
Do it.
Bitch.
All clear.
JAX:
It's a peace offering, Henry.
You're one short.
Marks gave a kilo to the Niners.
He's calling all the shots, man.
I'm done with this war.
Yeah?
Well, I am neck deep in it!
Marks ordered all those hits
on you, man!
We had no choice!
Come on, the guy's...
the guy's out of control,
and he's gonna swallow
all of us up!
JAX: Look, man,
we made the wrong choice.
I get that now, I get that.
But we can help you
bring down Marks.
I got Tyler and the Niners
in my corner.
You have been lying to me
this whole time!
Why the hell
should I believe you now?
Take us with you, man.
Take us with you.
We'll sit down
with you and Alvarez,
figure out a way
to bring down black.
If we're lying, kill both of us.
Come on, man.
Where do you stand with Padilla?
He never showed up at Diosa.
I ain't seen that fool in days.
You think Nero's lying?
Protect his kid?
I don't know.
Take 'em!
(shouting in Chinese)
Easy.
-All right.
-Easy.
(sirens whoops)
OFFICER (over megaphone):
Exit the vehicle!
Hands above your head!
Out of the cars!
Out of the cars now!
On the floor! Let's go!
-On your knees now!
-Down on the ground!
Do it now!
You, down!
Zip them to the fence.
(motorcycles approaching)
Except him.
All right, move up!
Up against the fence! Let's go!
Let's go! Move it, move it!
They can't drop here.
I know.
We'll get rid of them.
-You got to be shitting me.
-Get down!
Move it! Keep walking!
Let's go!
You have no idea what a big
mistake this is, Teller!
Not as big a mistake
as you killing my wife!
(grunts, coughs)
What the hell
are you talking about?!
This isn't the way
I wanted to do this, Henry.
I wanted it to be much slower.
Much smarter.
But this is gonna have to do.
You're an idiot, Teller.
I had nothing to do with what
happened with your old lady.
You know, I was the one
who advised Nero to tell you
to bring a whole army.
Now you're gonna watch
as my guys rip apart
your entire crew.
I'm gonna wipe out every trace
of you and your organization,
Henry.
You're done.
You're just a dirty
Oakland memory.
But first... it's you and me.
(Lin shouts)
(Jax grunting)
(chuckles)
(grunting)
We don't have time for this.
I know.
(phone ringing)
Aye.
-Are you at the port?
-Why?
Stockton PD is tailing Lin.
They called in the SWAT
and the sheriffs.
You got to get the hell
out of there.
Mother of Christ.
Real cops are on the way.
I'll tell Barosky's guy.
Get up!
Her name was Tara.
Say it!
Tara!
Jackie, Jackie, Jackie, Jackie.
Jarry called.
The cops have been tailing Lin.
SWAT team's on its way.
We got to go.
Come on.
Give me your piece.
-They could have eyes on us.
-Jackie, no, no!
-Leave them with the heroin.
-Please, please, Jackie, don't.
Barosky's guys
will cover for us.
-We got to go.
-Come on.
-We got to go!
-We'll get him on the inside.
Let's go!
(engines start)
(Lin panting)
What the hell was that?
(motorcycles drive away)
(sirens approaching)
(indistinct chatter)
Shit.
♪ ♪
(laughter)
(phone ringing)
-Yeah?
-(over phone): It's Althea.
I'm sorry I snapped
at you earlier.
Thank you for the lead, Wayne.
We got Lin and most of his crew
on gun and drug charges.
Doesn't solve Diosa,
but it buys me some goodwill.
I appreciate it.
Yeah, no problem.
I'm here to help.
♪ ♪
Where are we?
Oh, we got a ways to go.
Go back to sleep.
Mm.
The hell we doing
in Salt Springs?
Why aren't we headed north?
Uh...
you know, Jax was worried
about me traveling.
Sent Rogue River to meet us.
Had to change the plan.
Nero will be helping us.
Nero?
Yeah.
Don't worry.
We can trust him.
He was glad to help.
He don't want to see
anyone else dead.
We're gonna meet
a friend of his.
Former coyote's gonna help you
get into Mexico.
He's meeting us out here?
Middle of nowhere?
Well, I thought the parking lot
at Walmart would be
a little obvious.
You remember Darvany?
Junkie mom?
Yeah.
I'm the one who killed her.
It wasn't an overdose.
Why?
Jax's order.
That's what you do
when someone's a threat.
That night...
I almost O.D.'d at Diosa,
Nero was trying to help me.
I was in such bad shape.
I confessed.
Told him the truth.
Jax lied about Darvany.
That's why the club
wants me dead.
I betrayed our king.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, me, too.
'Cause that's also how I know
you're lying to me, Gem.
Nero would never help me.
GEMMA:
Damn it!
-(grunting)
-(muffled gunshot)
(grunting)
Stop running.
(Gemma gasping)
(sobbing)
You were gonna kill me?
No, I... I don't know.
I... I don't know, I...
I-I didn't know what else to do.
I saved you.
I trusted you.
But I...
I couldn't trust you, I...
I'm sorry.
Pl-Please.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Please, sweetheart.
Please.
Don't kill me.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org